<!-- Putting it all together
What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?

a component should ideally only do one thing. If it ends up growing, it should be decomposed into smaller subcomponents.

What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?

Static applications and websites render in the user’s browser without the need for server side processing, this means that all the rendering of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is done on the client side, rather then relying on server side technologies.

Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?

To build a static version of your app that renders your data model, you’ll want to build components that reuse other components and pass data using props. props are a way of passing data from parent to child. 

What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?

Is it passed in from a parent via props? If so, it probably isn’t state. Does it remain unchanged over time? If so, it probably isn’t state. Can you compute it based on any other state or props in your component? If so, it isn’t state.

How can you identify where state needs to live?

Identify every component that renders something based on that state. Find a common owner component (a single component above all the components that need the state in the hierarchy). Either the common owner or another component higher up in the hierarchy should own the state. If you can’t find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component solely for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common owner component.

What is a “higher-order function”?

Higher-order functions allow us to abstract over actions, not just values. They come in several forms. For example, we can have functions that create new functions.

Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?

I couldn't understand it

Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.

I couldn't understand it. -->
<!-- Things I want to know more about
Explore the greaterThan function

Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions. -->
